# Rule

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Description** | **string** | A human readable description of this rule. | [optional] [default to null]
**Id** | **string** | The ID is the unique id of the rule. It can be at most 190 characters long, but the layout of the ID is up to you. You will need this ID later on to update or delete the rule. | [optional] [default to null]
**MatchesMethods** | **[]string** | An array of HTTP methods (e.g. GET, POST, PUT, DELETE, ...). When ORY Oathkeeper searches for rules to decide what to do with an incoming request to the proxy server, it compares the HTTP method of the incoming request with the HTTP methods of each rules. If a match is found, the rule is considered a partial match. If the matchesUrl field is satisfied as well, the rule is considered a full match. | [optional] [default to null]
**MatchesUrl** | **string** | This field represents the URL pattern this rule matches. When ORY Oathkeeper searches for rules to decide what to do with an incoming request to the proxy server, it compares the full request URL (e.g. https://mydomain.com/api/resource) without query parameters of the incoming request with this field. If a match is found, the rule is considered a partial match. If the matchesMethods field is satisfied as well, the rule is considered a full match.  You can use regular expressions in this field to match more than one url. Regular expressions are encapsulated in brackets &lt; and &gt;. The following example matches all paths of the domain &#x60;mydomain.com&#x60;: &#x60;https://mydomain.com/&lt;.*&gt;&#x60;.  For more information refer to: https://ory.gitbooks.io/oathkeeper/content/concepts.html#rules | [optional] [default to null]
**Mode** | **string** | Defines which mode this rule should use. There are four valid modes:  bypass: If set, any authorization logic is completely disabled and the Authorization header is not changed at all. This is useful if you have an endpoint that has it&#39;s own authorization logic, for example using basic authorization. If set to true, this setting overrides &#x60;basicAuthorizationModeEnabled&#x60; and &#x60;allowAnonymousModeEnabled&#x60;. anonymous: If set, the protected endpoint is available to anonymous users. That means that the endpoint is accessible without having a valid access token. This setting overrides &#x60;basicAuthorizationModeEnabled&#x60;. token: If set, disables checks against ORY Hydra&#39;s Warden API and uses basic authorization. This means that the access token is validated (e.g. checking if it is expired, check if it claimed the necessary scopes) but does not use the &#x60;requiredAction&#x60; and &#x60;requiredResource&#x60; fields for advanced access control. policy: If set, uses ORY Hydra&#39;s Warden API for access control using access control policies. | [optional] [default to null]
**RequiredAction** | **string** | This field will be used to decide advanced authorization requests where access control policies are used. A action is typically something a user wants to do (e.g. write, read, delete). This field supports expansion as described in the developer guide: https://ory.gitbooks.io/oathkeeper/content/concepts.html#rules | [optional] [default to null]
**RequiredResource** | **string** | This field will be used to decide advanced authorization requests where access control policies are used. A resource is typically something a user wants to access (e.g. printer, article, virtual machine). This field supports expansion as described in the developer guide: https://ory.gitbooks.io/oathkeeper/content/concepts.html#rules | [optional] [default to null]
**RequiredScopes** | **[]string** | An array of OAuth 2.0 scopes that are required when accessing an endpoint protected by this rule. If the token used in the Authorization header did not request that specific scope, the request is denied. | [optional] [default to null]
**Upstream** | [**Upstream**](Upstream.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


